So here's the app we're going to be building, and it's going to be a fun app because we all want to
know what's the weather.
So first of all, you're going to see that the app looks pretty slick.
It's very simplistic, but nice, I think.
And you can see the first time you open the app.
There is the city default city in this case, Spokane, Washington and so forth.
But the beauty here is that we can do a few things.
First of all, I can go ahead and tap there to go and search.
I'm actually using my phone here and I can say, I want to look at Moscow.
What's the weather in Moscow?
And it goes and finds Moscow in this case, Russia.
OK, so right away, you can see it gives us the this week the seven day forecast gives us we have their
four degree.
It's rainy.
And you can see that this is also a metric unit, meaning that this is all in Celsius four degree.
Now we can change that.
First of all, before we change anything, think we can actually add a top left?
There we see that height.
That's your favorite if you tap on that.
You can see that we are going to save it added to favorites.
OK, so that way, if I also click there, I could go to favorites.
It's going to show all of the favorite cities that I wanted to know the weather for.
It's really good and we can also go ahead and delete some of these favorites, for instance, and so
forth, and then go back in Moscow is the last thing, we added.
So it shows that.
And we think also you this is that I can tap there and I can go to about let's go back, say about like
this just gives us this screen about this app.
And it can go back.
I want to go to settings, so here's where I can change the units of measurement.
So there are Celsius and there's Fahrenheit, so metric and imperial.
So I'm going to change that Fahrenheit save.
If I go back in, I can see everything is in Fahrenheit.
OK, good.
So it can continue here and look, for instance, real and heat enter.
This will give them a real g G.R..
I don't even know what that is, but it can go ahead and save that.
And while I go back to my favorites, you can see we have Mario there and of course, I can delete that
and go back.
It will show real, but since we delete it from our favorites, it's going to give me the option to
save into my favorites.
So this is the app we're going to be building and we're going to take small steps each time.
There is a lot that we need to take care of in order to have such an application.
OK, so I hope you're ready for this awesome journey.
I'll see you next.